Copyright (c) 2016 Pravisha Technologies Private Limited

Allowed To Do
The License grants you, the purchaser, an ongoing, non-exclusive, worldwide
license to make use of the Digital Good(s) that you have selected. You are
licensed to use the Digital Good(s) to create Single End Product for your
own use or for your Client. If the Single End Product is created for a client,
then this license is transferred from you to your client.

NOT Allowed To Do
You are not allowed to re-distribute or make available the Digital Good(s)
as-is or with minor modifications. You are not allowed to re-distribute the
Digital Good(s) as templates, starters apps or themes. You can only use the
Digital Good(s) for lawful purposes. Also, if a Digital Good(s)  contains an
image of a person, you are not allowed to use it in a way that creates a fake
identity, implies personal endorsement of a product by the person,or in a way
that is defamatory, obscene or demeaning, or in connection with sensitive
subjects. This license can be terminated if you breach it. If that happens, you
must stop making copies of or distributing the End Product until you remove the
Digital Good(s) from it. The author of the Digital Good(s) retains ownership of
the Digital Good(s) but grants you the license on these terms.

This license is between the author of the Digital Good(s) and you.


THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
